Connection Manager not supported on MacOS (#29718)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/additional-features/connection-manager-ysql/ycm-setup.md

- Currently, [auth-method](../../../secure/authentication/host-based-authentication/#auth-method) `cert` is not supported for host-based authentication. {{<issue 20658>}}
- Although the use of auth-backends (`ysql_conn_mgr_use_auth_backend=true`) to authenticate client connections can result in higher connection acquisition latencies, using auth-passthrough (`ysql_conn_mgr_use_auth_backend=false`) may not be suitable depending on your workload. Contact {{% support-general %}} before setting `ysql_conn_mgr_use_auth_backend` to false. {{<issue 25313>}}
- Unix socket connections to YSQL Connection Manager are not supported. {{<issue 20048>}}

> - Connection manager is not supported or present in the MacOS YugabyteDB releases and there are no plans to support it in near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connection manager is not supported or included in the MacOS YugabyteDB releases, and there are currently no plans to support it.
```
